Would it be ok if I took some of your time?
Would it be ok if I wrote you a rhyme?
Would it be ok if I opened my heart?
Would it be ok if I took on the part
Of being your man and showed you a view,
One that only a real man could do?
Would it be ok if I could make you smile?
Would it be ok if I held you awhile?
Would it be ok if I kissed your face?
Would it be ok if I were to replace
All the men in your past that just wouldn't do
And vow to be faithful and always be true?
Would it be alright to look in your eyes?
Would it be alright to never tell lies?
Would it be alright to find a way?
Would it be alright to long for the day
To pull you close and whisper in your ear
And tell you our feelings are nothing to fear?
Would it be ok if I took some of your time?
Would it be ok if I wrote you a rhyme?
To tell you there's nothing I'd rather do
Than spend my whole life loving only you...

i carry your heart with me(i carry it in
my heart)i am never without it(anywhere
i go you go,my dear; and whatever is done
by only me is your doing,my darling)
i fear
no fate(for you are my fate,my sweet)i want
no world(for beautiful you are my world,my true)
and it's you are whatever a moon has always meant
and whatever a sun will always sing is you
here is the deepest secret nobody knows
(here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud
and the sky of the sky of a tree called life;which grows
higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide)
and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart

Love can't be described.
It has no shape, it has no form.
Love is not an object,
Love does not conform.
Love enters our lives
The moment we are born.
From the cradle to the grave,
Love's in everyone.
Love burns like a candle
That sometimes flickers but never dies.
Love may be invisible,
Although it's right before your eyes,

Love is universal,
It encompasses the globe.
No matter where you are,
Love has a language all its own.
Love is all around you,
There's plenty of love to spare.
You cannot see or touch it,
But love is everywhere.
Love's the greatest power,
And yet it is so small.
Love's a gift from God,
To be shared amongst us all.

Don't go far off, not even for a day, because --
because -- I don't know how to say it: a day is long
and I will be waiting for you, as in an empty station
when the trains are parked off somewhere else, asleep.
Don't leave me, even for an hour, because
then the little drops of anguish will all run together,
the smoke that roams looking for a home will drift
into me, choking my lost heart.
Oh, may your silhouette never dissolve on the beach;
may your eyelids never flutter into the empty distance.
Don't leave me for a second, my dearest,
because in that moment you'll have gone so far
I'll wander mazily over all the earth, asking,
Will you come back? Will you leave me here, dying?

Your lips so soft and red.
The thought of kissing you is stuck in my head.
Your beauty so bright and warm,
shinning through the darkest storm.

Some people believe there is a one,
The one who points your way to the sun.
A person they believe makes them complete,
The one who will support when facing defeat.

Ever since
I laid eyes on you,
I knew for a fact
This was a dream come true.

Baby, I love you so.
Baby, you are my heart and soul.
I feel I could spread wings and fly
Every time I gaze into your eyes.

As I lie in my bed,
Your name's running through my head.
All I can think of is you,
All that you do,

Thoughts of you surround me.
You're the beating of my heart.
The love you give defines me.
My life is no longer dark.

The moment I met you,
I knew I was in love,
Like an angel had sent you from up above.
The connection we share grows stronger every day.

Remember when we first did meet,
our hearts rejoiced and skipped a beat.
Remember our first kiss goodnight,
the hug we shared that summer's night.

She pulled up the drive, and as she got out,
I said to myself, "There is no doubt,
The most beautiful thing I've seen in my life.
This woman before me will be my wife."

Let me take care of your broken heart
and show you how to fly.
Let me hold you gently by the hand
and kiss your tears goodbye.

A special place for you and me
An undying bond to guide us free
Loneliness blocking the day
Our Love lighting the way

I Do Not Love You Except Because I Love You - Poem by Pablo Neruda
Autoplay next video I do not love you except because I love you; 
I go from loving to not loving you,
From waiting to not waiting for you
My heart moves from cold to fire.

I love you only because it's you the one I love; 
I hate you deeply, and hating you
Bend to you, and the measure of my changing love for you
Is that I do not see you but love you blindly.

Maybe January light will consume
My heart with its cruel
Ray, stealing my key to true calm.

In this part of the story I am the one who
Dies, the only one, and I will die of love because I love you,
Because I love you, Love, in fire and blood. 

My love for you is like the raging sea,
So powerful and deep it will forever be.
Through storm, wind, and heavy rain,
It will withstand every pain.



